Add information for users who ask for requirements (#32262)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/installation/index.rst

**Where to ask for help**

* Depends on what the 3rd-party provides. Look at the documentation of the 3rd-party deployment you use.

Notes about minimum requirements
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

> There are often questions about minimum requirements for Airflow for Production systems, but it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are often questions about minimum requirements for Airflow for production systems, but it is
```

not possible to give a simple answer to that question.

The requirements that Airflow might need depend on many factors, including (but not limited to):
  * The deployment your Airflow is installed with (see above ways of installing Airflow)

>   * The requirements of the Deployment environment (for example Kubernetes, Docker, Helm, etc.) that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The requirements of the deployment environment (for example Kubernetes, Docker, Helm, etc.) that
```

>     are completely independent from Airflow (for example DNS resources, sharing the nodes/resources

Reviewer: we're missing to close the `(` opened here

>     are completely independent from Airflow (for example DNS resources, sharing the nodes/resources

Author: ```suggestion
    are completely independent from Airflow (for example DNS resources, sharing the nodes/resources)
```

    with more (or less) pods and containers that are needed that might depend on particular choice of

>     the technology/cloud/integration of monitoring etc. etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the technology/cloud/integration of monitoring etc.
```

   knobs and have an easy way to determine the behaviour of the system

2. Complex systems with multiple variables, that are hard to predict and where you need to monitor
   the system and adjust the knobs continuously to make sure the system is running smoothly.

Airflow (and generally any modern system running usually on cloud services, with multiple layers responsible
for resources as well multiple parameters to control their behaviour) is a complex system and they fall
much more in the second category. If you decide to run Airflow in production on your own, you should be
prepared for the monitor/observe/adjust feedback loop to make sure the system is running smoothly.

Having a good monitoring system that will allow you to monitor the system and adjust the parameters
is a must to put that in practice.

There are few guidelines that you can use for optimizing your resource usage as well. The
:ref:`fine-tuning-scheduler` is a good starting point to fine-tune your scheduler, you can also follow
the :ref:`best_practice` guide to make sure you are using Airflow in the most efficient way.

> Also, one of the important things that Manages Services for Airflow provide is that they made a lot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, one of the important things that Managed Services for Airflow provide is that they make a lot
```
Also thinking if it could be `managed services` instead of title cased `Managed Services` across all the occurrences in this file 🤔

> of opinionated choices and fine-tuned the system for you, so you don't have to worry about it too much.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of opinionated choices and fine-tune the system for you, so you don't have to worry about it too much.
```

> With such managed services, there are usually far less numbers knobs to turn and choices to made and one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With such managed services, there are usually far less number of knobs to turn and choices to make and one
```

of the things you pay for is that the Managed Service provider manages the system for you and provides
paid support and allows you to scale the system as needed and allocate the right resources - following the

> choices their made when it comes to kinds of deployment you might have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
choices made there when it comes to the kinds of deployment you might have.
```

**Where to ask for help**

* Depends on what the 3rd-party provides. Look at the documentation of the 3rd-party deployment you use.

Notes about minimum requirements
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

There are often questions about minimum requirements for Airflow for Production systems, but it is
not possible to give a simple answer to that question.

The requirements that Airflow might need depend on many factors, including (but not limited to):
  * The deployment your Airflow is installed with (see above ways of installing Airflow)
  * The requirements of the Deployment environment (for example Kubernetes, Docker, Helm, etc.) that
    are completely independent from Airflow (for example DNS resources, sharing the nodes/resources
    with more (or less) pods and containers that are needed that might depend on particular choice of
    the technology/cloud/integration of monitoring etc. etc.
  * Technical details of database, hardware, network, etc. that your deployment is running on
  * The complexity of the code you add to your DAGS, configuration, plugins, settings etc. (note, that
    Airflow runs the code that DAG author and Deployment Manager provide)

>   * The number and choice of providers you install and use (Airflow has more than 80 providers that can

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * The number and choice of providers you install and use (Airflow has more than 80 providers) that can
```

    be installed by choice of the Deployment Manager. Also they are use more or less resources when

>     they are used - in various scenarios - parsing, webserver, task execution

Reviewer 2: The latter sentence needs a little re-wording I think!

Author: Yeah. Not finished/complete. Shortened and merged with the previous one.

>   * The choice of parameters that you use when tuning airflow. Airflow has many configuration parameters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * The choice of parameters that you use when tuning Airflow. Airflow has many configuration parameters
```

    that can fine-tuned to your needs

>   * The number of DAGs you run
>   * The number of tasks you run
>   * The number of task instances you run
>   * The number of task instances you run in parallel

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * The number of DagRuns and tasks instances you run with parallel instances of each in consideration
```
